obviously I think everybody's aware we
have more stress now than we've ever had
and the body the body our our bodies
can't differentiate between a real
threat or a real stress and an imagined
one and
um and that you know that affects our
physiology continually um you know
animals in the wild um say there's a
a animal being chased by a by a
predator um if that animal gets away you
know and and is tremendously stressed W
wild animals have a way of dissipating
that stress um it's it's actually
phenomenal um but humans don't and so
and so stress reduction therapies are
are crucial that's a whole side of of
the work that I do also stress reduction
and it is crucial because if you're
stressed your performance can be cut
significantly and and a lot of and we
don't think about stresses I mean I
don't mean physical stress emotional
stress traffic stress uh sleep
deprivation is a stress um someone who
can't digest gluten and eats gluten or
other food allergies that's a stress
there's temperatures are stresses I mean
there's
all it's a tremend this burden on us and
it totally affects the the yoga that we
do in here and everything we do outside
of here as well it's a hard thing to
control for
sure